6-K
 1
 tm2612229d1_6k.htm
 FORM 6-K

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON,
D. C. 20549 

 FORM 6-K 

 REPORT
OF FOREIGN PRIVATE ISSUER 

 Pursuant
to Rule 13a-16 or 15d-16 of 

 the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

 For
the month of April 2026 

 Commission
File Number: 001-06439 

 SONY
GROUP CORPORATION 

 (Translation
of registrant's name into English) 

 1-7-1 KONAN, MINATO-KU, TOKYO, 108-0075, JAPAN 

 (Address
of principal executive offices) 

 The
registrant files annual reports under cover of Form 20-F. 

 Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant files or will file annual reports under cover of Form 20-F or Form 40-F, 

 Form 20-F
 &#120; 
 Form 40-F
 &#168; 

 SIGNATURE 

 Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

 SONY
 GROUP CORPORATION 

 (Registrant) 

 By: 
 /s/
 Lin Tao 

 &emsp;&ensp;(Signature) 

 Lin Tao 

 Chief Financial Officer 

 Date: April
21, 2026 

 List
 of Materials 

 Documents attached
hereto: 

 Announcement Regarding the Future Business Direction
of Sony Honda Mobility

 April 21, 2026

 Sony Group Corporation

 Announcement Regarding the Future Business Direction
of Sony Honda Mobility

 As disclosed in the announcement entitled "Announcement
Regarding the Discontinuation of Development and Launch of Sony Honda Mobility's Electric Vehicle Models and the Review of Its
Business Direction" on March 25, 2026, Sony Group Corporation ("Sony"), Honda Motor Co., Ltd. ("Honda")
and Sony Honda Mobility Inc. ("SHM"), a joint venture between Sony and Honda, have continued to discuss and consider the
review of SHM's business direction, and today announced that they have reached an agreement regarding the future business direction
of SHM. For details, please refer to the attached press release. 

 Sony continues to evaluate the impact of the discontinuation
of the launch of SHM's electric vehicle models on Sony's consolidated financial results.

 End of document

 April 21, 2026

 Sony Group Corporation

 Honda Motor Co., Ltd.

 Sony Honda Mobility Inc.

 Announcement Regarding the Future Business
Direction of Sony Honda Mobility 

 Sony Group Corporation ("Sony"), Honda
Motor Co., Ltd. ("Honda"), and Sony Honda Mobility Inc. ("SHM"), the joint venture formed by Sony and Honda,
today announced they have reached an agreement regarding the future business direction and positioning of SHM.

 Following Honda's reassessment of its automobile
electrification strategy announced on March 12, 2026, Sony, Honda, and SHM announced on March 25, 2026 the discontinuation of the development
and launch of the first AFEELA model, AFEELA 1, as well as the second model.

 Taking this into account, the three companies
further considered the future business direction of SHM and concluded that it would be difficult to find ways to bring products and services
aligned with SHM's founding purpose to the market in the short to medium term under the existing framework.
Based on these conclusions, the companies have decided to review the current structure of SHM for the time being and scale down its operations.
Following this decision, SHM employees are expected to be reassigned to the parent companies and related entities in principle, taking
into account their individual preferences.

 Since SHM was established in September 2022,
Sony and Honda have brought together and integrated their respective technologies, expertise, and development capabilities with the aim
of creating new value in mobility. Both companies remain committed to the principles set out at the founding of the joint venture - contributing
to and leading the evolution of mobility. Going forward, while taking into account the changing business environment, the three companies
expect to continue discussions on the optimal form of collaboration between them, with the aim of bringing new value to the user experience
through software in anticipation of an era where advanced driver assistance systems become mainstream.