6-K
 1
 tm269690d2_6k.htm
 FORM 6-K

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON,
D. C. 20549 

 FORM 6-K 

 REPORT
OF FOREIGN PRIVATE ISSUER 

 Pursuant
to Rule 13a-16 or 15d-16 of 

 the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

 For
the month of March 2026 

 Commission
File Number: 001-06439 

 SONY
GROUP CORPORATION 

 (Translation
of registrant's name into English) 

 1-7-1 KONAN, MINATO-KU, TOKYO, 108-0075, JAPAN 

 (Address
of principal executive offices) 

 The
registrant files annual reports under cover of Form 20-F. 

 Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant files or will file annual reports under cover of Form 20-F or Form 40-F, 

 Form 20-F
 &#120; 
 Form 40-F
 &#168; 

 SIGNATURE 

 Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

 SONY
 GROUP CORPORATION 

 (Registrant) 

 By: 
 /s/
 Lin Tao 

 &emsp;&ensp;(Signature) 

 Lin Tao 

 Chief Financial Officer 

 Date: March
25, 2026 

 List
 of Materials 

 Documents attached
hereto: 

 Announcement Regarding the Discontinuation
of Development and Launch of Sony Honda Mobility's Electric Vehicle Models and the Review of Its Business Direction

 March
25, 2026 

 Sony Group Corporation 

 Announcement Regarding
the Discontinuation of Development and Launch of Sony Honda Mobility's Electric Vehicle Models and the Review of Its Business Direction 

 Sony
Group Corporation ("Sony"), Honda Motor Co., Ltd. ("Honda") and Sony Honda Mobility Inc. ("SHM"),
a joint venture between Sony and Honda, today announced
that SHM has decided to discontinue the development and launch of its first model, AFEELA 1, as well as its second model of AFEELA-branded
vehicles that had been under development (collectively, the "Models"), and that the three companies will review SHM's
business direction. For details, please refer to the attached press releases. 

 Sony accounts for
SHM using the equity method, and records its 50% share of SHM's net income after taxes as operating income in All Other in its
consolidated results. Sony continues to evaluate the impact that the discontinuation of the Models would have on Sony's consolidated
results of operations and financial position for the fiscal years ending March 2026 and 2027. However, SHM has been conducting its business
under an asset-light approach, and Sony believes that the impact will not be material to Sony's consolidated results of operations
and financial position. 

 Sony will continue
to collaborate and hold discussions with Honda and SHM regarding SHM's future business direction and intends to provide further
updates when available. 

 End of document 

 Sony Honda Mobility 

 2026.3.25 

 Discontinuation
of Development and Launch of AFEELA 1 and the Second Model of AFEELA Vehicles 

 Tokyo, Japan-
March 25, 2026 &ndash;Sony Honda Mobility Inc. ("SHM") today announced that it has decided to discontinue the development
and launch of its first model, AFEELA 1, and its second model of AFEELA vehicles that had been under development (collectively, the "Models").
SHM's decision comes following discussions between its parent companies, Sony Group Corporation ("Sony") and Honda
Motor Co., Ltd. ("Honda"). 

 Since its establishment
in September 2022, SHM has aimed to develop and sell high value-added mobility products and to provide mobility-related services by combining
the technologies, expertise, and development capabilities of Sony and Honda. However, as a result of Honda's reassessment of its
automobile electrification strategy announced on March 12, 2026, SHM will not be able to utilize certain technologies and assets that
were originally planned to be provided by Honda at the time of SHM's initial business planning. In light of this change, SHM has
determined that it does not have a viable path forward to bring the Models to market as originally planned. 

 As a result of
this decision, SHM will issue full refunds of the reservation fees received for current holders of reservations for AFEELA 1 in California
in the U.S. 

 SHM will continue
discussions with Sony and Honda regarding its future business plans. 

 March 25, 2026 

 Sony Group Corporation 

 Honda Motor Co.,
Ltd. 

 JOINT STATEMENT
FROM SONY GROUP CORPORATION AND HONDA MOTOR CO., LTD. 

 REGARDING THE REVIEW OF SONY HONDA MOBILITY'S BUSINESS DIRECTION 

 Tokyo, Japan
- Since its establishment in September 2022, Sony Honda Mobility Inc. ("SHM"), the joint venture ("JV") formed
by Sony Group Corporation ("Sony") and Honda Motor Co., Ltd. ("Honda") has aimed to develop and sell high value-added
mobility products and to provide mobility-related services by combining the technologies, expertise, and development capabilities of
Sony and Honda. 

 However, as a result
of Honda's reassessment of its automobile electrification strategy announced on March 12, 2026 and factoring the changes to the
EV market, the underlying assumptions of SHM's business operations such as the utilization of certain technologies and assets planned
to be provided by Honda were fundamentally altered, resulting in the announcement by SHM today to discontinue the development and launch
of its first model, AFEELA 1, and its second model. At the same time, Sony, Honda and SHM have determined to review SHM's business
direction. 

 Sony, Honda and
SHM will continue to discuss and evaluate the future of SHM, taking into account the initial purpose of the JV establishment as well
as the latest EV market environment, and intend to jointly announce SHM's future direction, mid to long-term positioning as well
as contributions to the future of mobility at the earliest possible opportunity.